then job answered how long will you
torment my soul and break me in pieces
with words these ten times you ever
approached me you are not ashamed that
you have brought me and if indeed I have
erred my error remains with me if indeed
you exalt yourselves against me and
plead my disgrace against me know then
that God has wronged me and has
surrounded me with his net if I cry out
concerning wrong I am NOT her if I cry
aloud there is no justice he has fenced
up my way
so that I cannot pass and he has said
darkness and my parents he has stripped
me of my glory and taken the crown from
my head he breaks me down on every side
and I am gone my hope he is uprooted
like a tree
he is also Kendall his wrath against me
and he counts me as one of his enemies
his troops come together and build up
their road against me they encamped
around my Kent he has removed my
brothers far from me and my
acquaintances are completely estranged
from me my relatives have failed and my
close friends have forgotten me those
who dwell in my house and my
maidservants company as a stranger I am
an alien in their sight I call my
servant when he gives no answer
I beg him with my mouth my breath is
offensive to my wife and I am repulsive
to the children of my own body even
young children despise me I arise and
they speak against me all my close
friends abhor me and those whom I love
have turned against me my bone clings to
my skin and to my flesh and I have
escaped by the skin of my teeth
if pity on have pity on me
own from you my friends for the hand of
God had struck me why do you persecute
me as God to us and are not satisfied
with my flesh o that my words were
written o that they were inscribed in a
book that they were engraved on a rock
with an iron pen and let forever but I
know that my redeemer lives and he shall
stand at last on the earth and after my
skin is destroyed this I know that in my
flesh I shall see God whom I shall see
for myself and my eyes shall behold and
not another
my heart yearns within me if you should
say how should we persecute him since
the root of the matter is found in me be
afraid of the sword for yourselves for
wrath brings the punishment of the sword
that you may know there is at judgment
[Music]